NEXTVIEW IMAGERY END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT



1.      Introduction.  This End User License Agreement ("EULA") 
    is between DigitalGlobe, Inc., a Delaware Corporation 
    ("DigitalGlobe" or "Seller") and National Geospatial-
    Intelligence Agency ("NGA"), the purchaser of this EULA, 
    which governs the use of the data products or documentation 
    ("Products") accompanying this EULA in accordance with 
    Contract NMA 301-03-3-0001 (the "Contract").

2.     Applicability. This license applies to imagery and products 
    licensed under the Contract, including data downlinked to 
    domestic and foreign ground stations.

3.     License Granted and Permitted Uses.  

a.     General Terms

1.      This clause applies to all unprocessed sensor data and 
    requirements-compliant processed imagery, imagery services, 
    imagery-derived    products and imagery support data licensed 
    under this Contract. No other clauses related to 
    intellectual property or data rights of any sort shall 
    have any effect related to the unprocessed sensor data and 
    requirements-compliant processed imagery, imagery services, 
    imagery-derived products and imagery support data delivered 
    under this Contract.

2.      All license rights for use of the unprocessed sensor data 
    and requirements-compliant processed imagery, imagery 
    services, imagery-derived products and imagery support 
    data provided to the U.S. Government purchased under this 
    NGA contract are in perpetuity. 

3.      Licensed users may generate an unlimited number of 
    hardcopies and softcopies of the unprocessed sensor data 
    and requirements-compliant processed imagery, imagery 
    services, imagery-derived products and imagery support 
    data for their use.

4.     (i)     Licensed users may generate any derived 
        product from the licensed unprocessed sensor 
        data; and requirements-compliant processed 
        imagery, imagery services, imagery-derived 
        products and imagery support data.

    (ii)     Unprocessed sensor data and requirements-compliant 
        processed imagery, imagery services, imagery-derived 
        products and imagery support data licensed under this 
        NGA contract have no restrictions on use and 
        distribution, but shall contain the copyright markings.

b.     Licensed Users

1.      The imagery may be used by the U.S. Government (including, 
    all branches,departments, agencies, and offices).  



2.      The U.S. Government may provide the imagery to the following 
    organizations: 
    State Governments
    Local Governments
    Foreign Governments and inter-governmental organizations
    NGO's and other non-profit organizations
    
3.      In consideration for the flexibility afforded to the U.S. 
    Government by allowing unprocessed sensor data and 
    requirements-compliant processed imagery, imagery services, 
    imagery-derived products and imagery support data to be 
    shared, the United States Government shall use its reasonable 
    best efforts to minimize the effects on commercial sales.  
    Acquisition and dissemination of imagery and imagery products 
    collected within the United States shall be restricted in 
    accordance with law and regulation.


DigitalGlobe, Inc.  
NextView EULA_5749 Rev 1.0 
08/10/05
